CYBER TALENTS :-

--------------
General Information
-------------

1. Business Gathering

I am a huge cyber security conference that run every year in three places : San Francisco, Singapore and Lately AbuDhabi.
Who am I ? No spaces in answering

> RSAConference


2. Hackers Gathering

I am a cyber security conference that run in August every year in Las Vegas.
I am the largest gathering for Hackers in the whole world.
No Credit cards, no online booking , Only Cash allowed . Who am I ?

> DEFCON

3. Founder

I have founded two of the most famous Cyber Security conferences across the globe in Las Vegas, USA.
I am not The Dark Knight. I am The DarK--------?

> Tangent

4. Back to History

I am the First Computer Virus ever known . You will find me in your head . My name is ……..?

> brain

5. Contribute

I am an Organization that releases the Top 10 Vulnerabilities in Application Security . I am ……?

> OWASP


6. Greeks

The art of hiding messages or information inside other image / text or data

> steganography

7. Robot

A group or network of machines that are controlled by an attacker to do a certain task

> bot

8. Japanese Warrior

I am a linux distrubition with two versions one for Web Penetration Testing and the other for attacking smart grids.
What is my smart grid distribution named ?

> SAMURAISTFU

9. Close Look

I am a linux distribution that has many tricks to do packet and traffic analysis. Who am I ?

> Packetrix

10. Pay Me

I will lock your machine screen or files till you pay me. Who am i ?

> ransomware

11. TrendMicro Conference

Periodic Conference in many cities hosted by Trend Micro

> cloudsec

12. Intercept

the attacker intercept information between receiver and sender. what is the attack name ?

> MITM


13. Modify Code

Change code from one form to another to prevent attacker from understanding it

> encode


14.  Scan

One of the famous, free port scanner. Who am i ?

> nmap

15. Capture

Network analysis tool used to captured packets and present it in readable format

> wireshark


16. Cash

I am a type of attacks that used to spread malware. I push data in the cache records of your DNS. I am cache ........?

> poisoning


17. Precious Vulnerability

a security flaw that is not yet known

> zeroday


18. SCADA

A worm that targeted SCADA Systems

> Stuxnet



19. Crash

enter a lot of random trash till the application crash

> fuzzing



20. My box

I am a professional pen tester. I do not need to know any information from the customer, I do ....box pen test

> black
